Kontena Lens addon docs tuning (#149)
kontena/pharos-docs: addons/kontena-lens.md

- Ingress Controller
- Cert Manager

## Minimum Configuration
```yaml
  kontena-lens:
    enabled: true
```

## Full Configuration Example

```yaml
kontena-lens:
  enabled: true
  name: 'prod-pharos-cluster'
  ingress:
    host: 'lens.my-domain.com'
    tls:
      enabled: true
      email: 'le@example.org'
  user_management:
    enabled: true
  persistence:
    enabled: true
  charts:
    repositories:
      - name: stable
        url: https://kubernetes-charts.storage.googleapis.com
  shell:
    image: 'my-org/kontena-lens-terminal:latest'
    skip_refresh: false
```

### Options

- `name` - Name of the cluster. Default `pharos-cluster`
- `ingress.host` - DNS address that is used for Dashboard access. Default `lens.<worker-node-ip>.nip.io`

> - `ingress.tls.enabled` - `true` or `false`. Is the ingress secured with TLS. Can be set `false` if terminating SSL on external load balancer. Default `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ingress.tls.enabled` - `true` or `false`. Is the ingress secured with TLS. Can be set to `false` if SSL is terminated on external load balancer. Default: `true`.
```
